[RTL] Zeroize fuse_ctrl secrets on debug intent (#1215)
chipsalliance/caliptra-ss: docs/CaliptraSSIntegrationSpecification.md

     Additionally, these secrets are broadcasted with this input port: `otp_broadcast_o`. Therefore, this port, its propagated signals, and its driver signals must also not be scannable.
  - Since Fuse Controller scrambles secret partition with PRESENT chipher, this chiper keys, autogenerated from the OTP memory map HJSON, must be excluded from the scan path. Although these values are parameters defined in `otp_ctrl_part_pkg.sv`, the registers driven by these parameters must be excluded from the scan path.
  - Note, the LC token partitions are not considered secret as only the cSHAKE128 hashes of each token are stored, not the raw tokens themselves.

>   - As a security enhancement, when the debug-intent strap (`cptra_ss_debug_intent_i`) is asserted, the Fuse Controller does not sense the secret partitions into their buffering flops, forces the scrambler key used for these partitions to zero, and reads back their hardware digest as zero. Please note that this will prevent an integrity check on these partitions. Please also note that this will prevent conditional LCC state transitioning; only unconditional state transitioning can happen. Please remember that this is an enhancement added to protect the secrets provisioned at manufacturing and production states.

Reviewer: Nit: Tone should be technical, not conversational
```suggestion
  - As a security enhancement, when the debug-intent strap (`cptra_ss_debug_intent_i`) is asserted, the Fuse Controller does not sense the secret partitions into their buffering flops, forces the scrambler key used for these partitions to zero, and reads back their hardware digest as zero. This will prevent an integrity check on these partitions. This will also prevent conditional LCC state transitioning; only unconditional state transitions may occur. This enhancement is added for defense in depth to protect the secrets provisioned at manufacturing and production states.
```

Reviewer 2: 1. This is basically word for word the same as the HW spec description. Can we reduce redundency in our specs by adding links?
2. I'm failing to understand why this is under "Scan Path Exclusion." What is an integrator supposed to do with this information regarding Scan Path Exclusions?

Reviewer 2: @ekarabu - can you respond to my comment as well?
